README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Routelandia/routelandia-android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Routelandia/routelandia-android)

Routelandia Android application use Google Play services to load Google Map

## Requirements

 - Java 1.7 or later.
 - A Google Maps API key.

### API keys

Based on instructions from https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android/start

Each Google Maps Web Service requires an API key or Client ID. API keys are
freely available with a Google Account at
https://developers.google.com/console. To generate a server key for
your project:

 1. Visit https://developers.google.com/console and log in with
    a Google Account.
 2. Select an existing project, or create a new project.
 3. Click **Enable an API**.
 4. Browse for the API, and set its status to "On". The Java Client for Google Maps Services
    accesses the following APIs:
    * Directions API
    * Google Maps API
 5. Once you've enabled the APIs, click **Credentials** from the left navigation of the Developer
    Console.
 6. In the "Public API access", click **Create new Key**.
 7. Choose **Android Key**.
 8. Enter your Certificate Fingerprint.
 9. Click **Create**.

Your API key should be 40 characters long, and begin with `AIza`.
You'll need to place this key your AndroidManifest.xml as the value for the com.google.android.maps.v2.API_KEY field.

Commit message:

Add link to play store to readme

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Routelandia/routelandia-android.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Routelandia/routelandia-android)

Routelandia Android application use Google Play services to load Google Map.

Download it from the [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=edu.pdx.its.portal.routelandia).

## Requirements

 - Java 1.7 or later.
 - A Google Maps API key.

### API keys

Based on instructions from https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/android/start

Each Google Maps Web Service requires an API key or Client ID. API keys are
freely available with a Google Account at
https://developers.google.com/console. To generate a server key for
your project:

 1. Visit https://developers.google.com/console and log in with
    a Google Account.
 2. Select an existing project, or create a new project.
 3. Click **Enable an API**.
 4. Browse for the API, and set its status to "On". The Java Client for Google Maps Services
    accesses the following APIs:
    * Directions API
    * Google Maps API
 5. Once you've enabled the APIs, click **Credentials** from the left navigation of the Developer
    Console.
 6. In the "Public API access", click **Create new Key**.
 7. Choose **Android Key**.
 8. Enter your Certificate Fingerprint.
 9. Click **Create**.

Your API key should be 40 characters long, and begin with `AIza`.
You'll need to place this key your AndroidManifest.xml as the value for the com.google.android.maps.v2.API_KEY field.
